                                                        Shelf’d project reflection

	Creating Shelf’d was a unique experience that was both fun and challenging. Creating a site that was based around my favorite subject matter, 
    similar to an app I already use, helped me better appreciate the hard work that goes into the tech I use every day. While many of the concepts 
    used were topics that we discussed and practiced in this course, challenges still arose during the development process. Although I ran into issues 
    and had to challenge myself as a developer, I was able to complete the Shelf’d site with all of the features I had initially intended to have. 

    A primary part of this project required that a user be able to login and successfully authenticate their account. Without the ability to sign in, a 
    user cannot add books to their bookshelf, which is the whole purpose of the site. Authentication is not something I’ve worked with a lot, and my project 
    didn’t exactly line up with the example of authentication that we had from the last lesson, considering it didn’t have a backend folder with the 
    authentication logic. It was a struggle to find a simple way to create a working login and sign up process, and for the future this process could be 
    greatly improved to provide better security. Through this process, I learned about using contexts to store user data across multiple pages, which was 
    both difficult and fulfilling to complete. 

	With the bookshelf being a primary feature for this site, it was important to make sure that we could not only display book information by using APIs 
    like Google Books, but that we could also successfully store a user’s bookshelf in the database. It was at times difficult to ensure that newly created 
    users had an empty array in the database that books could be added to, and to ensure that books were not added to an undefined user in the database. 
    I also ran into concerns with book IDs being reused in the google books API, due to how volumes are stored in their system. This caused the book loaded 
    on the “browse” page to not always match the book displayed in the book details page when querying by book ID. I spent a lot of my testing and debugging 
    time on these areas.

	For future improvements, I would like to offer a changing banner. At this time, I hard coded the banner information, because my site does not have multiple 
    partners to work with or highlight. Instead, I hard coded highlight information and show one possible use for banner information. On other sites, banners 
    can be used to display events, updates to the site, partnerships, or advertisements. Another improvement that could be made would be to have multiple shelves 
    a user can add to, such as “read” or “want to read” rather than one big bookshelf. 

	At the end of this project, I have come away with a better understanding of myself as a developer. From the patience it takes to properly debug your own code 
    to the importance of how data is passed from one component to the next, creating a site from scratch has more than just technical lessons to learn. I feel that 
    this process has made me a more well-rounded developer, and has demonstrated how much I enjoy creating something that I would value as a consumer. 
